Why is the door closed?
You are locked by the key.
Hello? Hello?
Anybody?
You put the design department
Summarize the results for this quarter
I want a good director on Friday
madam madam
You just said that you were too tired to come back from the design museum.
Went to the pantry to rest
How is your rest now?
No, I don't like sleeping on the sofa.
I'm going home to rest.
By the way, you are also very tired when you come back from the design museum
Get off work now
I'll give you a panorama
Oh, really?
Thank you ma'am thank you ma'am I'll pack my things now
Thank you ma'am goodbye
Goodbye madam
Song Nan Ge's company has no one left
Just wait to die
Where did the smoke come from?
Brother Song Nan, you know the smoke in the fire
Many did not die by fire
Zhao Yaru, I have no enmity with you
Why do you care about me?
Please let me out!
I told you so.
Brother Yanchen, I want to blame you for blocking my way
I have turned off the monitoring.
Only you are dead
Only then can I really get Brother Yanchen
Hahaha, I open the door.